OK so let's add some styles to this list.
I'm going to go right here and make reference to that that element.
So it's going to be artist artists that underscore list.
Right.
So now this is going to be have a box sizing of borderer box and we get it added padding to it because
you know we need padding 10 pixels and then 30 pixels right.
OK.
We're going to convert kind of a center everything.
So I'm going to go right here at the bottom and add the at a class for styling for each item.
So I'm going to say artist list the artist and then item I believe we call that artist item.
So just that check right here.
We have artist item.
There we go.
So OK.
So what I'm going to do I'm going to make this play block because it's a link I want to give a fixed
hide of 290 pixels or some like then I can send a background size and you know it's kind of looking
right now.
OK.
So we want to give a background and then just a size micron size of cover.
And we're going to make it important.
Right.
So we're going to add margin bottom of tiny pixels and then position relative relative.
Pretty good.
I'm making it relative because we can float the name of the artist right here.
So OK so now let's do that.
Let's float the name of the artist.
I'm going to make a call again to artist list to make reference to that and then Dev and just open and
close.
So the background for this tag is going to be background and it's going to be again just a nice blue
2 1 9 6 3 Durgo looks nice.
So OK we're going to have a color and color.
It's going to be white and we want to make it position.
Absolute.
And then we want to put it right at the bottom of the elements so we can say bottom zero.
And you know that looks better.
So now we're going to add the padding to it.
So it's going to be back pedaling 20 pixels too much.
Let's give it 10.
OK let's get.
So the last thing we need to do is to style the brows the artist that won it with once H for Figes.
OK.
It's in 8:4.
So OK I'm going to go right here at the bottom.
Just make a reference to the item to the artist list and style that for.
OK.
So we're going to add some text line that's good text a line and it's going to be center and font size
font size and font size is going to be 30 pixels than a font weight
and the font weight is going to be 100.
So something real slim and then we to add a margin.
So it looks really really nice.
I am a developer but sometimes I like to design apps.
Now it's fun.
OK.
So this looks nice.
So whenever we click on an artist it's going to take us to a new component.
And of course this component it's not ready yet.
So we're going to go to the next section and make this component ready.